README.md, before:

# Southern_Ocean_Lead
Code for the (in review) manuscript "A Southern Ocean Lead over Deep Water-Mass Reorganizations During Pleistocene Glacials" Data available following moratorium at pangaea.de (awaiting DOI).

## /raw
Containing the raw data, archived at pangaea.de (link).

## /analysis
Sub-directory containing the Matlab code for analysis of the raw data. Split into 4 parts (.m files) called by master.m. The dependencies "Ar1Sur.m" and "nexcf.m" are from http://tocsy.pik-potsdam.de/nest.php and are detailed in 1,2,3.

## /pyberg
Containing the python implementation of the FESOM-IB iceberg module.

## /figures
Containing the jupyter notebooks for creating all figures in the paper (including extended data figures).

----
## Useful Contacts regarding code or data
Contact:
- Aidan Starr (lead author) [here](mailto:StarrA1@Cardiff.ac.uk) or [here](mailto:Aidan.M.Starr@gmail.com)
- Ian R. Hall (senior co-author and IODP expedition co-PI) [here](mailto:Hall@Cardiff.ac.uk)
- Thomas Rackow (for further info on the pyberg iceberg module) [here](mailto:rackow@awi.de)
- Xu Zhang (for further info on the COSMOS Earth System Model) [here](mailto:zhang@hotmailcom)

## Selected (code-related) References
References
1. Rehfeld, K., Marwan, N., Heitzig, J., Kurths, J.: Comparison of correlation analysis techniques for irregularly sampled time series, Nonlin. Proc. Geophys., 18(3), 389-404, 2011.
2. Rehfeld, K., Marwan, N., Breitenbach, S., Kurths, J.: Comparison of correlation analysis techniques for irregularly sampled time series, Climate Dynamics, Late Holocene Asian Monsoon Dynamics from small but complex paleoclimate networks, 41(1), 3-19 2013.
3. Rehfeld, K., Kurths, J.: Similarity measures for irregular and age uncertain time series, Clim. Past., 10, 107-122, 2014.

Commit message:

updated readme.md tidied code and fixed file directory

README.md, after:

# Southern_Ocean_Lead
Code for the (in review) manuscript "A Southern Ocean Lead over Deep Water-Mass Reorganizations During Pleistocene Glacials" Data available following moratorium at pangaea.de (awaiting DOI).

## /raw
Containing the raw data, archived at pangaea.de (link).

## /analysis
Sub-directory containing the Matlab code for analysis of the raw data. Split into 4 parts (.m files) called by master.m. The dependencies "Ar1Sur.m" and "nexcf.m" are from http://tocsy.pik-potsdam.de/nest.php and are detailed in 1,2,3.

## /outputs
Containing the tables created by scripts in /analysis

## /pyberg_results
Containing some outputs from the Pyberg model runs performed for this manuscript. The full Pyberg code can be found at https://github.com/trackow/pyberg



----
## Useful Contacts regarding code or data
Contact:
- Aidan Starr (lead author) [here](mailto:StarrA1@Cardiff.ac.uk) or [here](mailto:Aidan.M.Starr@gmail.com)
- Ian R. Hall (senior co-author and IODP expedition co-PI) [here](mailto:Hall@Cardiff.ac.uk)
- Thomas Rackow (for further info on the pyberg iceberg module) [here](mailto:rackow@awi.de)
- Xu Zhang (for further info on the COSMOS Earth System Model) [here](mailto:zhang@hotmailcom)
- Addresses for all co-authors are available through the online article at DOI...

## Selected (code-related) References
References
1. Rehfeld, K., Marwan, N., Heitzig, J., Kurths, J.: Comparison of correlation analysis techniques for irregularly sampled time series, Nonlin. Proc. Geophys., 18(3), 389-404, 2011.
2. Rehfeld, K., Marwan, N., Breitenbach, S., Kurths, J.: Comparison of correlation analysis techniques for irregularly sampled time series, Climate Dynamics, Late Holocene Asian Monsoon Dynamics from small but complex paleoclimate networks, 41(1), 3-19 2013.
3. Rehfeld, K., Kurths, J.: Similarity measures for irregular and age uncertain time series, Clim. Past., 10, 107-122, 2014.
4. Barker, S., Chen, J., Gong, X., Jonkers, L., Knorr, G., & Thornalley, D.: Icebergs not the trigger for North Atlantic cold events, Nature, 520(7547), 333-336. 2015.
